so front too it's a free-to-play but
it's pretty much impossible to kill
people unless you're getting like a head
shot at notice
it's a lot easier like this is a
crossbow do you need to like weed yeah
you know it's really slow I don't
actually like the frost on let some
idiot sniping oh oh I hit in the face
and he didn't die let's see I don't know
if I like this math really are you in
town that's the thing about this game
which like instant debt you don't die in
a p-town eat there's no chance right now
you're getting shot at you're either
oh I got it I don't know I don't know if
I like this gun I mean I accuracies
higher say yeah it seems like this size
of this map like you're getting crossbar
let's see if I go oh he's got a sniper
rifle I'm gonna find news zoo not having
any luck I got a double kill me that's
always fun I like how the double
knockout swear you play someone will you
at the same time so often just like it
did that there's an actual like bad
there that's when I was just talking
about it happened place we set news
what's my score nine and 700 I will go
away from this guy count their classes
and he kills with Renee exactly God
other thing thing about this game for
you watch closely you can actually spend
which I don't really add about that I
guess
but otherwise like
yes no one uses flash bang people don't
realize this light armor does anything
oh I guess that flash bang yo starts
throwing flashbangs
I think their prime is well I mean they
saw it come over the day oh man it's
close game I don't know if we're gonna
win on
say that guy killed me out of it up oh
no a grenade oh come on it's head his
helmet the killcam to sue glitch I know
it's like have the time does officials
right shoot this sniping yeah it's like
you know your name
Oh No can I nice enjoy dinner
thank you conduct no I got an assist
like I guess
the knife isn't that something good it's
not even a one-hitter credit I'm all
that guy got black
no I'm pretty sure at least you can get
an assist without hurting them in a
while like if you do any damage
down guys jumping around oh I multi-kill
I got three in a row but it was also a
fella knockout really accurate with your
jumping you have maximum effort oh no
now we're losing against of that damn
damn day
yeah i like it just so that ran out like
once like it doesn't say that any other
game diculous winning again now we're
not my knees take over game I like
alginate
oh come on it was gonna Caroline thank
you know i'm going to insta spawn
because it's so close to the end enemy
down hey don't hang out
oh oh my god yes 10 barely one wait the
last kill then did you know I've done it
yeah oh man that was a close game I love
those close games lo and s are the
second best auntie